CHIBS: Previously on
Sons of Anarchy:
-JAX: August.
-AUGUST: Jackson.
Any word on what happened
to your wife?
Nothing yet.
You need to understand
that the revenge
can't land on the street.
I won't do a thing until
the time is right.
You killed my wife.
(Dun whimpering)
I'm here to help, Jax.
Just need to know the game plan.
We're gonna unravel Lin.
Take apart his business.
Triads trade their weapons
for heroin!
RENNY:
That shit was crazy fun, man.
Let me know where I can
have my boys drop off some cash.
Man, that'd be awesome.
Thanks.
UNSER: Is that what I'd be?
A, uh, consultant?
I believe the official title
is "consulting investigator."
I'm gonna want
to see everything you have
-on Tara Knowles's murder.
-Why is that?
Want to be the best
consultant I can be.
Things have gotten
a little unraveled.
We heard about the Chinese guns.
NERO: Lin is gonna be here
any minute.
It wasn't us, Henry.
I put my Indian Hills
charter on it.
They're gonna dig in.
All right, you have
until noon tomorrow.
If I don't have
something by then,
I will turn Charming into
a goddamn killing field.
Spent the night in a bathtub.
Bound and gagged.
-What'd that cost you?
-Juice didn't charge me.
Let me know if there's anything
I can do to help.
I'm tired of
counting bodies, too.
How you doing?
You guys want a hit?
JAX:
Nah, we're good.
-Partying all alone?
-GIB: Yeah, yeah.
It's just us tonight.
BOBBY:
Yeah, it's Bobby Munson.
Tell Lin we found the crew
that hit his delivery.
Hey, Gibby, open up.
It's me.
Gibby!
Action.
(thunder cracks)
(electric crackle)
Throw the switch.
(electrical whirring,
woman moans)
WOMAN:
Ah... mmm...
WOMAN 2:
More power!
(moans)
More!
-(whirring)
-(woman moaning)
Aah!
-(panting)
-(machine powers down)
Skankenstein lives!
(thunder rumbles)
And Skankenstein is... horny.
(Chibs laughing)
And cut!
TIG: Yeah, baby!
(men whooping)
CHIBS: Yeah!
Scorsese ain't got shit
on you, baby!
Congratulations, boys.
That was the first take of
a Red Woody production.
You're a genius.
Thank you.
You said you wanted to help?
Yeah.
And I meant it.
You're working
with the sheriffs.
I am.
But that's about Tara.
Something... I need to do.
How do I know I can trust you?
You really gotta ask me that?
(sighs)
You had me bound and gagged
in a bathtub, son.
I think I would've already
dropped a dime on you
if that's what I wanted.
I need a favor.
It's a big one.
But it's something
that I... need to do.
Before I just run away.
Okay.
But I'm gonna want a favor, too.
About Tara.
Anything that can point me in
the direction of her killer.
You give me that...
and I'll help you.
CHUCK: Okay, Abel, I'm
purple, and you're orange, okay?
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom...
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, no, no, that's too
heavy for you, mama.
What you got in there?
Guns and ammo?
Books.
Ah.
Way more dangerous.
Hey, Gemma,
are you taking these?
GEMMA: Oh, no.
I got African crows at home.
They'd just shred 'em
into cat food.
You want 'em?
Really?
Yeah.
I think they're beautiful.
They really are.
They see everything.
(knocking on door)
Sandy. Phone.
It's Ken again.
Shit. Okay.
What?
It's my dad.
He doesn't like what I do...
until he needs money.
(Gemma exhales)
(birds twittering)
Oh...
(Nero clicking tongue)
You really have to leave?
Temporary.
Can't believe you're
gonna make me schlep out
to that Stockton whorehouse.
(Nero snickers)
No, it just means
I'm gonna have to spend
a little bit
more time at your place.
(they laugh)
Yeah, why not?
Everyone else is living there.
Aw, come on.
I thought you like a full house.
Grandma.
(Gemma laughs)
Yeah, I do.
I do.
Hey...
You sure everything's gonna be
okay with you and Jax?
Seems tense.
Streets are still
a little complicated.
You know?
But we're gonna get through it.
Hey, hey.
I-I wouldn't pull you back in
if I didn't think that.
Hmm?
Okay.
TOM: We went to Selma.
Found the house.
JAX: Was the crew there?
TOM:
One of 'em. Dead.
Shotgun hole in the chest.
Huh.
BOBBY: Shit.
Triads get there first?
I don't know yet.
There was a lot of
blood and footprints,
but whoever did it
left a kilo right on the table.
It was ours.
Did you find the rest?
TOM: No.
Who were these guys?
How'd you get intel on them?
One of our other
charters, Indian Hills,
bumped into 'em a couple times,
hauling guns back to Nevada.
Ex-peckerwoods, move meth and
anything else they can steal.
They put the word out,
right after your buy got hit,
that they had smack to sell.
(Tom chuckles)
Not very bright.
That's my point.
Figured it had to be them.
We're gonna dig into this.
But for now, Henry will keep
a détente in place.
Fair enough.
Let us know if you need help.
(Tom speaks Chinese)
MAN:
Okay.
Think he was lying
about that one body?
I don't know.
Why would he?
They were both very dead.
Family and friends
could've found them.
And left the heroin?
Yeah...
Dig into the guy that's MIA.
See if you can find out
who he is.
And where the hell he went.
I'll call Jury.
Come on,
I gotta visit Tully.
See if he can move these
extra keys.
TIG:
Ebony Prince.
You expecting him?
No.
You're a little early.
12 Inches of Slave don't shoot
till this afternoon.
Get in.
So much for playful banter.
I think they're still
a little sensitive
about the whole slave thing.
My bad.
If he drives, we follow.
JAX:
So what's going on?
What did Lin's crew want?
Saw 'em driving away.
Just tying down loose ends
on the Irish guns.
This doesn't work
if we don't trust each other.
Trust can't live in the same
space as secrets and lies.
You agree?
Yeah.
So I'll ask you again:
Why were the Chinese here?
Same reason you're here, August.
Chinese gun buy
down in Selma got ambushed.
We're the likely suspects.
I gave Lin proof that we had
nothing to do with it.
There's not gonna be a war.
I'll need that proof as well.
It was local peckerwoods.
One of our NV charters
got the intel.
I gave it to Lin.
His crew found them dead
with a brick of their H.
Sloppy amateurs.
Very convenient.
Dead alibi.
A few kilos still at large.
I know they lost four.
This doesn't work...
if we don't trust each other.
So, we good?
You know the biggest difference
between me and Mr. Pope?
Damon made his bones being the
smartest guy on the street.
I made mine being the deadliest.
Don't cross me, Jackson.
I have no remorse killing you...
or any of the Sons.
Change of plan.
Visiting white
will have to wait.
(car engine starts)
It's a black day.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye. ♪
JAX: What's up, bro?
TYLER: Yo.
We'll do it, man.
JAX: Hey, thanks
for meeting us halfway.
TYLER: No problem.
What's pressing?
Shit. What isn't?
I hear that.
Shit's getting
very complicated, man.
Sorry about your old lady.
Thanks.
Sorry about your crew
getting hit.
Yeah, me, too.
August shutting down payback--
can't be going down easy.
It ain't.
Why am I here, man?
August is clamping
down on us, too.
I know.
He thinks you hit
the Chinese gun buy.
Did you?
The direction I'm headed...
might not be the same as August.
In fact, we may end up
running head-on into each other.
If that happens, I need to know
where I stand
with the One-Niners.
Shit.
We don't have independent
business like your club.
Laroy sold our street to Pope,
three years ago.
August Marks feeds our pipeline.
If we shit on that hookup, then
we could lose everything.
TIG: Come on, bro, you were
solid before Pope.
You'll be solid
after Marks, right?
What if I promise I'll
make sure your crew
keeps their turf, stays whole?
Shit with the Mayans, my niggas
is all sideways already, man.
That's gonna be a hard promise
to sell.
JAX: Maybe this
will make it easier.
Half a key.
You move that on your own.
Nothing goes to Marks.
We'll take a nominal bite.
You use the profit to give
purple a base to break away.
And you get the other half
once we're sure you're with us.
Shit.
You did hit the Chinese.
Nah. Let's just say
it fell off a truck.
I have an internal problem.
Could complicate things.
One of my OGs, Chester Kray,
he using this yellow-brown
shit storm to make a play.
He's splitting off,
starting a new set of purple.
How many going with him?
Don't matter.
Any divide hurts me.
You help me squash that,
and I'll make sure
that the Niners
land with the outlaws.
I did some digging.
I may have an angle
on the murders.
-That was fast.
-Mmm.
This from the MC?
Um, more or less.
It might make sense
to focus the investigation
on Henry Lin's crew,
out of Oakland.
Why would the Chinese
kill Knowles and Roosevelt?
The MC are getting out of guns.
They're handing over their
business to black--
the crew under Pope's heir,
uh, August Marks.
The Chinese
are upset about that.
So, why kill
the wife and not Teller?
I'm not sure.
But Eli was assigned
to escort Tara.
My guess is he was
collateral damage.
Who's your source, Wayne?
Somebody paying me back a favor.
It's reliable intel.
Uh, you should dig in,
hand it off to the detectives.
That consulting badge
isn't carte blanche to go rogue.
It's an A...
I know, I know.
It's an A.D. investigation.
I need to know who
you're talking to.
And if I want
to keep him talking,
it's got to be off the record.
For now.
No disrespect.
Ma'am.
(door opens)
(door closes)
(music playing)
(woman laughs)
(door handle rattling)
Shit.
I thought she was shopping.
-Me, too.
-WENDY: Brooke?
Are you in there?
Why is this door locked?
Uh, com-coming.
One second.
(music stops playing)
Brooke!
Oh, Christ.
Really?
In front of the baby?
Uh, he was sleeping.
And he's, like... a baby.
Bad judgment.
(Thomas crying)
I got it.
I'm sorry.
Hey.
It's okay.
You're okay.
-This was...
-WENDY: It's okay.
This was all my fault.
Don't tell Gemma.
She's just a kid.
Do not pull her into this.
I'm not pulling her
into anything.
Just...
just don't knock her up.
Okay?
Hi, buddy.
This better not come back
to bite me in the ass,
Handsome Jack.
Come on, Charlie,
you can trust me.
That's what Custer
said to his troops.
Charlie, you'll come out
looking like a hero.
(door opens, bell tinkles)
TIG: Jax, I just
heard from Chester.
Pier 19, bro.
We'll let you know
when it goes down.
I'll be here.
Waiting for the Indians.
(engines shut off)
Thanks for meeting us.
CHESTER: Yeah.
(gun cocking)
Hey, boys, this is
a friendly conversation.
So we all just relax, right?
CHESTER: They'll relax
when I tell them to.
I know you been
talking to Tyler.
JAX: Yeah.
He had a few things
to say about you.
None of them good.
CHIBS: That's why
we asked you here.
JAX: We're looking for
someone in purple
who's actually got some balls.
Ain't afraid to stand up
to August Marks.
Yeah, and why's that?
Lin had my wife killed.
Marks won't let me retaliate.
Same way he won't let your crew
pay back the Mayans.
Boss be the boss.
What can you do?
I can handle my shit.
And when I do,
boss ain't gonna like it.
He's gonna try to turn
the Niners against us.
I'm looking for
some like-minded allies.
And if you find this ally?
I'd split the spoils of war.
But first I'd hand back the guns
the Mayans took from you.
'Cause we know where they are.
JAX:
The Navy docks.
Ten minutes away.
Well, that's bold,
I'll give you all that.
Your intel any good?
Oh, yeah.
Charlie Barosky.
Ex-cop, runs the port.
He's on my payroll.
CHIBS:
We'll be in and out so fast
no one will know
what happened.
And you look like a leader.
Okay.
CHIBS: See you there.
Okay, I'm gonna put
you on as a contact,
which means
that you can pick up Abel
from school, if we need you to.
I'm a excellent driver.
All right, just keep
your claws out of your pants
and on the wheel; I'll be happy.
(clattering in distance)
SANDY: No!
-CHUCK: What was that?
-GEMMA: What's that?
Whoa.
SANDY: Stop it! No!
(both grunt)
You can't just
take what you want.
KEN: I can take what's mine.
GEMMA: What the hell
is this?!
Who is this, your whore queen?
Stop it!
This dick a john?
I'm her father.
Mind your own business,
all of you.
He's taking my money again.
No, you're paying me back,
you lying little slut.
Where's your goddamn wallet?
Get out of here!
CHUCK:
Gemma... Gemma!
Nero!
-(Gemma grunts)
-SANDY: No!
Daddy! Daddy!
CHUCK: All right.
-Okay, okay!
-SANDY: Daddy!
CHUCK: All right, all right!
Easy, easy.
NERO:
Baby, baby, you okay?
GEMMA: I'm all right.
I'm okay.
-SANDY (crying): Daddy.
-KEN: Leave me alone.
SANDY: Are you okay?
I'm sorry.
GEMMA: I'm all right.
I'm okay.
(Sandy weeping)
Oh, Christ.
SANDY:
I'm sorry, Daddy.
-KEN: Shut up.
-SANDY: I'm sorry.
Yeah, you don't need
to be in there.
Here we go.
Let's get you
something to drink.
Huh?
You're hurt, Grandma.
I'm fine.
Fine.
What happened to her daddy?
He, uh...
he did a bad thing.
Does my daddy do bad things?
No. No.
Why would you think that?
Your daddy is a good man.
That's it.
Gray door, unit 11.
What, there's no
Mayans keeping watch?
Shouldn't be.
That's what
they pay Barosky for.
All right, you know what,
let's play this safe.
Hap, you and me
will take your two guys
and we'll go in the side door.
JAX:
Yeah, we'll hit the front, Tig.
Well, all right, then.
Let's get our goddamn guns.
TIG: Come on, come on,
come on, come on.
JAX: Well... (sighs)
there they are.
Damn, Jax.
I see you weren't playing.
I'm all business, brother.
Check 'em out.
This one.
Yeah, clear.
Put this down.
(cell phone ringing)
Hey, Mom, what's up?
(indistinct radio chatter)
"I'm not afraid of monsters.
Monsters are my friends."
(indistinct
radio chatter continues)
Who the hell called
the sheriffs?
Sandy.
Her dad told her to.
All right.
"I can hear them pillow-fight."
Mama.
(Gemma sighs)
Yeah.
You okay?
GEMMA: Yeah.
I'm sorry.
CHIBS: Where's the animal
that hit you?
He's in the kitchen.
Did he see it?
Not really.
You good, little man?
(knocking)
Shut the door, please.
Sheriff Althea Jarry.
Jax Teller.
Chibs.
I didn't realize this
was a family business.
NERO:
Well, we're business partners.
Uh, we run another place
out of Stockton, as well.
I know.
JAX: This is a rare
occurrence for us.
We run a legit,
quiet business here.
I get it.
All your paperwork's in order.
Your permits are up to date.
However, Mr. Haas,
your employee's father--
he's pressing assault charges.
Well, we're gonna be
pressing charges, as well, then.
He came in here,
and he smacked Gemma.
Mr. Haas says he came by
to pick up the money
his daughter owed him.
They were having a family
discussion.
Gemma interfered.
He told her to back off.
Then Mr. Padilla here
went to town on him.
Oh, come on.
That doesn't even make sense.
ALTHEA: I'll tell you what.
I'll have a chat with the dad,
let him know how complicated
these things can become.
Yeah, we'd appreciate that.
You know
what I would appreciate?
I would appreciate you helping
me find Juan Carlos Ortiz.
He's the only member
of your charter
that we haven't interviewed
about the murders.
Juice split when I was inside.
Yeah.
He didn't really say much about
where he was going.
That's unfortunate, because
if I can't track him down,
the DA wants
to put out an APB.
I'll see what I can find out.
What about the Chinese?
Would they have any reason
to want to hurt your club?
Not that I know of.
I'm a very big fan
of their food.
(laughter)
Are we done here?
Can I go?
Yeah.
Just stay reachable.
I'm sure
we can all work together
to keep Charming safe
and profitable...
for everyone.
Understood?
Yes, ma'am.
We should connect
later... Scotty.
There is a new sheriff
in town.
Apparently, she's looking for
a profitable relationship.
And a good old
Glaswegian humpin'.
NERO: I'm gonna let you guys
handle all the humping.
Barosky called while
all this shit was going down.
There's trouble at the docks.
What trouble?
I don't know, but I'm going
to go down there and find out.
OFFICER: ...gonna need you
to sign a release.
KEN: Fine.
Look after your mom.
Yeah.
Hey.
APB on Juice is very bad.
CHIBS:
Mm-hmm.
Hey, I'm sure that boy
is far, far away.
(knocking on door)
You park in the back?
UNSER: Yeah.
You, uh,
sure you want to do this?
I have to.
You can't back out.
Okay.
UNSER:
Let's go.
(phone ringing)
Yeah?
BOBBY:
Jury, it's Bobby Elvis.
What's up, Bobby?
I'm gonna need some
intel, my brother.
We've been getting some blowback
about those guys
who helped us
with the Chinese.
JURY:
What kind of blowback?
Well...
I heard they've been bragging
about what happened,
and we just need
to track 'em down,
remind them about... policy.
Sorry to hear that.
That's my bad.
I vouched for them.
Well, it's not a problem yet,
but we just want to find out
who they are before it does.
JURY: Of course.
Knew the one guy a little bit.
Name was Gib.
O'Leary, I think it was.
Yeah?
Well, that helps.
JURY: Sure.
Anything else?
BOBBY: No.
Appreciate it.
All right.
Take care, Bobby.
Give my best to Jax.
Will do.
(sighs)
JAX: We took care of
your internal problem.
Chester won't be
making noise no more.
I appreciate that.
Some of my crew...
they're gonna get very nervous
when that word gets out.
Yeah.
But the rest
are gonna be very loyal.
You need
to weed out the nervous ones.
Yeah, man. You do.
We don't want
to have to do this again.
How do I do that?
Why don't you have
someone you trust
put out the word that Chester
is gathering up anyone
who wants to see
a change in leadership.
His ghost?
Yeah.
(phone rings)
Say he's meeting out of town.
Stockton.
The old Creme Club
on Winchester.
4:00.
I can do that.
We're in this
together now, brother.
You understand that, right?
I'm good with that.
I'll make the call to August.
Let him know about
our renegade problem.
My brother.
TYLER: Appreciate it.
JAX: No doubt.
TYLER: We good.
All right, let's roll, baby.
MAN:
Right.
(engine starts)
Jackie.
That was the DPO.
My parole officer
needs to see me.
TIG: What for?
I don't know.
Just left a message.
Be at the diner across from
their office in an hour.
Bullshit check-in.
D.O.C. cracking down.
All right, go.
Handle it.
Aye.
(engines start)
BAROSKY: Make sure your guys
wipe this place completely
clean, get it...
GUYER: All right.
NERO: Aw, Jesus Christ.
BAROSKY: You fix this.
GUYER: Yeah.
BAROSKY: A beautiful day
in the neighborhood.
-How many?
-Three One-Niners.
My guys got a call about
something black.
Saw the lock blown off the door.
They come in here hot.
End up dropping all of 'em.
We'll dump 'em in
Lincoln Village.
Give those shitheads
something to do.
We don't like paperwork.
Thanks, Paulie.
This cleanup's gonna require
something extra
in next week's envelope.
How the hell
did the Niners find out
where we store our shit?
Not my problem.
You pay me to protect it.
I did.
I think it's gonna get worse.
There's a One-Nine coup going
down right now in Oakland.
These guys had something
to do with it.
Word is, Tyler had nothing to do
with coming after your guns.
NERO: Shit.
Rogue set looking to arm up.
Makes them a threat;
got to be dealt with.
Exactly, and I don't
want it landing here.
Here?
This Niner splinter
group is meeting
here in Stockton,
off the grid,
gathering up at the old Creme
Club down on Winchester.
They'll be there today at 4:00.
Huh.
How do you know that?
I know everything dirty
that moves within
a ten-mile radius of here.
You should take note of that.
(Oso speaks Spanish)
Oye, collect your crew.
We'll meet at the liquor store.
Hey!
This is a Mayan problem.
No, carnal,
it's a brown problem.
And you may not
want to believe this, ese,
but you're in this shit
as deep as the rest of us.
So be there.
Packed.
Vámonos.
(indistinct chatter)
(door opens, bell tinkles)
UNSER:
Yo.
What are you doing here?
Sit down, please.
Sit down.
I had a friend make
that call from the, uh, DPO
to get you out here.
And why the hell
would you do that?
UNSER: Uh, sorry.
JUICE: I took him
at gunpoint.
He had no choice.
Jesus Christ.
You dumb bastard.
It's the only way
I can get you to come alone.
I needed to talk to you.
We're way past talking.
You should've run when you had
the chance, boy.
This is all I have.
I got no place to run to.
What the hell do you want?
Did the club vote for Mayhem,
or is Jax
doing this on his own?
(scoffs)
That's none of your business.
I need to know if
there's something I can do
to earn my way back.
I'll do anything, man.
Please.
If I were you,
I'd take that gun,
put it in my mouth...
and pull the trigger.
Keys.
You follow me out, I'll put
a round in your tires.
I'm sorry, brother.
I never meant to hurt the club.
It's the only family I have.
I love you.
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa.
There's a dozen badges between
you and the door.
Where is he going?
I have no idea.
He's lost, son.
I know.
That's why he has to go away.
He wanted to know if there
was a way back into the MC.
HAPPY: Unbelievable.
CHIBS: So I told him to turn
the gun on himself.
QUINN: How'd he get to Unser?
Says he turned up
at the trailer,
middle of the night.
Took him at gunpoint.
What does Unser know?
He knows we want him dead.
But he doesn't know why.
All right, we should
alert the other charters.
He might reach out.
Take an envelope
to our friendly sheriff.
I'll convince her
Juice is a dead end.
What do you think?
Two K?
Yeah.
Get her off the Chinese trail.
Aye.
Absolutely.
I got a name on
the missing body from Jury.
I gave it to the bounty hunter
that's with my ex.
Let's see what he turns up.
-(knocking on door)
-Good.
(door opens)
Some guys out back
to see you.
TIG: What color?
Black and blacker.
Oh.
Let's go.
JAX: I'll be right there.
QUINN: Right on.
Chibby... Chibs...
You know...
any time you feel the need
to slow this down,
we would understand that, too.
I'm okay.
BOBBY: Okay.
(door opens)
(door shuts)
GEMMA: When I think about
where this all started...
...sometimes I wonder
what would've happened
if you didn't come back.
If Wendy hadn't been
such a mess.
But then I look at them,
and... I realize...
...it all happened the way
it was supposed to happen.
Everything, really...
(knocking at door)
WENDY:
Hey.
You talking to your birds?
Yeah.
Unser's here.
He needs to talk to us.
Okay.
BROOKE: I got him.
GEMMA: Mm-hmm.
Hey, um...
thanks for... thanks
for not saying anything.
WENDY: Yeah.
I love him.
You don't even know him.
BROOKE: Yes, I do.
I... and you must've loved Jax
when you were together.
I still do.
(Thomas cooing)
I just know I can't be with him.
I stopped Chibs from
going after him.
It was a cop diner.
Oh, shit.
Did Juice tell him
who's been hiding him?
No.
I told the Scot he took me
at gunpoint from my trailer.
But the DA
wants to put out an APB.
GEMMA: Oh, geez...
WENDY: If Jax finds out
he was in town,
it's just a matter of time
before he realizes where
he's been staying.
Is he back at the apartment?
Um, I guess so.
Where else would he go?
All right, go get him.
Physically put him in your car
and drive him out of town.
-Where?
-Anywhere.
Find a hotel
in Sutter or San Jose.
Just get him out of Sanwa.
He's a raw nerve.
I-I'll go with you.
Now would be better
than later.
UNSER: All right.
TYLER: It started because we
couldn't hit back at the Mayans.
AUGUST: How many?
TYLER: Hard to say.
Chester has influence.
Six... maybe more.
AUGUST:
You need to kill that virus.
JAX: We'll handle it.
We're just giving you
the heads up.
These rogue guys could strike
out at the Mayans.
Or the Chinese.
Shit goes down, you need
to know it wasn't us.
I got a huge property deal
that needs to close,
and my business partner's MIA.
Our investors are already
getting skittish.
The last thing
I need is a gang war
that brings the Feds sniffing
around my relationships.
End this rogue problem.
Now.
I hate to tell you, Mr. Marks,
but the war's already on.
And you're losing it.
(music plays in distance)
Yo.
This our dawg?
Yeah.
That's Chester's ride.
Let's do this.
♪ ♪
(engine rumbling)
(engine stops)
CHIBS: Sheriff.
ALTHEA: It's Ally.
I'm off duty.
Okay.
Chip, was it?
Chibs.
It's Scottish slang for
"street blade."
My God, how old were you?
(Chibs sighs)
I was an... angry 19-year-old.
An angry 21.
Wow.
On the job?
Easter dinner.
My ex.
One of them.
Wow.
That for me?
Sure is.
I was expecting
intel on Ortiz.
You finding Juice
is not gonna help
your investigation.
And this APB?
Well, that's just complicating
everything.
For everyone.
Well, that's a call
that comes down from above,
but I'll do what I can.
At the very least,
I'll buy you a few days.
Right, okay.
Not sure
where you're getting your intel,
but we're all good
with the Chinese.
That a complication as well?
I'm just... trying to
help you do your job.
Yeah, I can see that.
That's a flexible rate.
Based upon your services.
Understood.
We'd also appreciate a heads up
on anything coming down
from above.
And I'd appreciate a heads up
of anything ugly coming
up from below.
Fair enough.
-Good.
Ride safe.
Thanks.
(door shuts)
(engine starts)
It's just till you
figure out where you want to go.
Yeah.
You gotta stay put.
That APB goes out, every cop
will have your picture.
I'll check you in under my name.
We'll check on you
tomorrow, okay?
UNSER: Let's go.
(knocking on door)
BROOKE: Oh.
NERO: Hey.
She home?
Uh, not yet.
I'm just doing laundry,
but have a seat.
Gemma made cake.
Thanks.
♪ ♪
Hey, babe.
(Gemma sighs)
Appreciate you helping out.
Oh, of course.
You know, any excuse to bake.
Rough day?
Yeah.
This will help.
♪ ♪
MAN:
Stay!
WOMAN:
Hey! What are you doing?
This place belong to Henry Lin.
Know who he is?
August Marks
doesn't give a shit!
(women screaming)
(grunts)
MAN:
Oh, shit!
Home run, baby!
(girl screams)
(grunting, groaning)
MAN 2:
Don't you look at me!
MAN:
Yes, yes, yes!
All right, fellas, let's roll!
Get out of here!
MAN 2:
Let's go, let's go.
MAN 3:
Come on, yo!
(woman sobbing)
MAN:
I might be back for you.
MAN 3:
Let's go!
(woman continues sobbing)
MAN: Yeah, baby,
fun in back there!
(laughter)
How'd you boys do?
(whooping)
T.O.: Had fun!
I'm three for three.
HAPPY: Bastards one,
Chinks zero.
Yeah, but those were
some skinny-ass hos, man.
What's up with that shit?
TIG: Hey, next stop is
Chow Foo Spa and Rubs.
(doorbell rings)
Hey.
Look, um...
I'm sorry about today.
I had no right
getting in your business.
How'd you
find out where I lived?
I asked Sandy.
I wanted to come by.
Peace offering.
Say I'm sorry.
Uh, pineapple upside-down cake.
You might want to put it in the
fridge... get me a drink.
Okay.
Come on in.
♪ ♪
So, uh, what can I get you?
(grunting)
♪ ♪
KEN: No, don't...
(Ken grunts)
Oh, please don't...
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org